{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Mallory Sluetz\
User Stories\
\
RESTAURANT\
John, 33, is a regular at Cafe Porto Bello and is looking to host a private birthday party for his wife. He googles "Porto Bello" and that leads him to the home page. He sees that they're closed on Sunday's but are available for private parties.\
-entertainment\
-wine\
-party trays\
-contact\
\
Tracy, 40, has never been to Cafe Porto Bello but has heard of it before through word of mouth. However, w/ her busy lifestyle she doesn't find the time to actually sit down and eat. She wants to find out if they have take out. She uses her phone to search the website.\
-contact\
-menu\
-payment method\
\
AGENCY\
Mark, 50, is a handsome, successful CEO. One of the products his company makes/sells is an energy drink. He's not happy with the advertising agency that currently has their account. He is willing to risk spending a lot of money on a top agency. He googles "top advertising agencies" and sees BBDO is listed third. He clicks the link and takes him directly to the site.\
-work\
-contact\
-about\
\
Jennifer, 18, is an advertising design student who knows nothing about the agency (BBDO) and has to do a research project that requires a 10 minute presentation of the work. She enters bbdo.com directly in the URL.\
-history\
-work\
-quotes\
-reels\
\
SHOP\
Jess, 30, received a gift card for a local clothing store and wants to get more for her money so she's interested in the "sale" section. She wants to use it online because of the special free shipping deal and it's a tax free weekend. She finds the site through google.\
-sale\
-shop\
-women's\
\
Mike, 22, needs a job since he just graduated from college and has to save up money while he continues to look for a "real" job. He saw a notice on the store's door that said "now hiring" he asks a sales associate about it and she says to apply online. He tries to find the "job opportunity" section on their home page but has great difficulty doing so cause stores seem to like to make it a pain.\
-store locator\
-job opportunities \
-apply\
-contact/phone number}